[ADD] events: event booths doc (17) (#9342)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/marketing/events/event_booths.rst

   :align: center
   :alt: The Booth Management setting in the Odoo Events application.

.. important::
   When the :guilabel:`Booth Management` setting is activated, a new *Product Type* becomes
   available on all product forms: *Event Booth*.

   This is important because every created booth **must** be assigned a *Booth Category* on their
   respective booth form, and every booth category **must** have an *Event Booth* product assigned
   to it.

Booth categories
================

With the *Booth Management* setting activated in the *Events* app, a *Booth Categories* option
becomes available in the :guilabel:`Configuration` menu.

To access the :guilabel:`Booth Category` dashboard, go to :menuselection:`Events app -->
Configuration --> Booth Categories`. Doing so reveals a list of all the booth categories that have
been created in the database.

.. image:: event_booths/booth-category-page.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The Booth Category page in the Odoo Events application.

On the :guilabel:`Booth Category` page, the following information for each booth category is listed:

- :guilabel:`Name`: the name of the booth category.

> - :guilabel:`Create Sponsor`: if the box in this column is ticked, that means when a booth with this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Create Sponsor`: if the box in this column is ticked, when a booth with this
```

  category is booked, a sponsor is created for the user who booked it.
- :guilabel:`Product`: the *Event Booth* product associated with that specific booth category.
- :guilabel:`Price`: the price of a booth in that booth category.

When the :guilabel:`additional options` :icon:`oi-settings-adjust` icon, located to the far-right of
the column titles, is clicked, a drop-down menu of additional column options appears. From the

> resulting drop-down menu, tick the box beside :guilabel:`Sponsor Level` and/or :guilabel:`Sponsor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
resulting drop-down menu, tick the checkbox beside :guilabel:`Sponsor Level` and/or :guilabel:`Sponsor
```

button in the upper-left corner to reveal a blank booth category form.

.. image:: event_booths/booth-category-form.png
   :align: center
   :alt: A typical booth category form in the Odoo Events application.

Start by entering a name for the booth category in the top :guilabel:`Booth Category` field. This is
a **requried** field.

To add a corresponding image to the booth category (e.g. a sample photo of how the booth looks),
click the :icon:`fa-pencil` :guilabel:`(pencil)` icon that appears when the cursor hovers over the
camera placeholder in the upper-right corner of the booth category form. When clicked, proceed to
upload the desired image to the booth category form, if needed.

In the :guilabel:`Booth Details` section, users **must** assign a :guilabel:`Product` to the
category, and it **must** have *Event Booth* set as the *Product Type* on the product form.

And, regardless of the listed price on the *Event Booth* product chosen, the user can input a custom
:guilabel:`Price` to be applied for this booth category in the field below.

In the :guilabel:`Sponsorship` section, there is a :guilabel:`Create Sponsor` checkbox option. When

> that checkbox is ticked, that means that when a booth belonging to this booth category is booked,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that checkbox is ticked, when a booth belonging to this booth category is booked,
```

the user is created as an official *Sponsor* of the event.

> Also, when the :guilabel:`Sponsorship` checkbox is ticked, two additional fields appear beneath it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the :guilabel:`Sponsorship` checkbox is ticked, two additional fields appear beneath it:
```

:guilabel:`Sponsor Level` and :guilabel:`Sponsor Type`.

Select a desired level of sponsorship from the :guilabel:`Sponsor Level` drop-down field.

.. tip::
   To modify any existing :guilabel:`Sponsor Level`, select it from the drop-down field, then click

>    the :guilabel:`➡️ (right arrow)` that appears at the end of the line. Doing so a separate page,

Reviewer: Is there an fa-icon that this guilabel emoji can be replaced with? So that we're consistently using either odoo icons or fa-icons throughout the doc

>    the :guilabel:`➡️ (right arrow)` that appears at the end of the line. Doing so a separate page,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   the :guilabel:`➡️ (right arrow)` that appears at the end of the line. Doing so opens a separate page,
```

   wherein the :guilabel:`Sponsor Level` name and :guilabel:`Ribbon Style` can be changed, if
   necessary.

Users can also create a new :guilabel:`Sponsor Level`, by typing in the name of the new level, and
clicking :guilabel:`Create and edit...` from the resulting drop-down menu.

Doing so reveals a :guilabel:`Create Sponsor Level` pop-up window.

.. image:: event_booths/create-sponsor-level-popup.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The Create Sponsor Level pop-up window that appears in the Odoo Events application.

From this pop-up window, confirm the newly-created :guilabel:`Sponsor Level`, and decide what kind

> (if any) :guilabel:`Ribbon Style` should be applied. The :guilabel:`Ribbon Style` options available

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of :guilabel:`Ribbon Style` should be applied, if any. The :guilabel:`Ribbon Style` options available
```

in that drop-down field are: :guilabel:`No Ribbon`, :guilabel:`Gold`, :guilabel:`Silver`, and
:guilabel:`Bronze`.

> That :guilabel:`Ribbon Style` (if one is selected) appears with the sponsor's name on the event

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If one is selected, that :guilabel:`Ribbon Style` appears with the sponsor's name on the event
```

website.

.. note::
   Clicking :guilabel:`Create` from the resulting drop-down menu in this instance creates the
   sponsor level, but doesn't immediately prompt the user to further configure it, via a
   :guilabel:`Create Sponsor Level` pop-up window.

Beneath those sections (:guilabel:`Booth Details` and :guilabel:`Sponsorship`), there is the
:guilabel:`Description` tab. In this tab, proceed to enter any vital information related to the

> booth category that would be important for any potential booth-buyer to know about (e.g. the square

Reviewer: ```suggestion
booth category that would be important for any potential booth-buyer to know about (e.g., the square
```
Comma after e.g. when multiple examples are presented

footage, any amenities, size of display screen, etc.).

Add booth to an event
=====================

In order to add a booth to an event, navigate to an existing event form, via :menuselection:`Events
app --> Events`, and select the desired event from the :guilabel:`Events` dashboard. Or, click
:guilabel:`New` to open a blank event form.

From the event form, to access the *Booths* for that specific event, click the :guilabel:`Booths`
smart button at the top of the page.

The :guilabel:`Booths` page is displayed in a Kanban view, by default, with two different stages:
:guilabel:`Available` and :guilabel:`Unavailable`.

.. note::
   The :guilabel:`Booths` page of an event is also viewable in a :icon:`oi-view-list`

>    :guilabel:`List` view, :icon:`fa-area-chart` :guilabel:`Graph` view, and :icon:`oi-view-pivot`

Reviewer: Question about the graph view - is it represented by this Odoo UI icon? : 

oi-view-cohort

I think it might be, if it is I'd say to use that one

Author: Actually, oi-view-cohort is for the cohort view. the FA icon I have here represents the appropriate icon, so I'm going to stick with that, unless SALI instructs me to change it.

   :guilabel:`Pivot` view. All of which are accessible, via their icons, in the upper-right corner
   of the :guilabel:`Booths` page.

The booths present in the :guilabel:`Available` stage are still available for people to purchase for

> the event. The booths present in the :guilabel:`Unavailable` have already been purchased, and are no

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the event. The booths present in the :guilabel:`Unavailable` stage have already been purchased, and are no
```

Booth form
----------

The booth form in Odoo *Events* lets users customize and configure event booths in a number of
different ways.

.. image:: event_booths/booth-form.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Typical booth form in the Odoo Events application.

Start by typing in a :guilabel:`Name` for the booth. This is a **required** field.

Then, apply a :guilabel:`Booth Category` to the booth. This is a **required** field.

.. tip::
   A new :guilabel:`Booth Category` can  be created from this field, by typing in the name of the
   new category, and clicking :guilabel:`Create and edit...` from the resulting drop-down menu.
   Doing so reveals a :guilabel:`Create Booth Category` pop-up window, with all the standard fields
   found on a common booth category form.

   Simply clicking :guilabel:`Create` from the resulting drop-down menu creates the category, but
   does not reveal the :guilabel:`Create Booth Category` pop-up window. The category would have to
   be modified later, via the *Booth Categories* page (:menuselection:`Events app --> Configuration
   --> Booth Categories`).

Upon selecting a pre-existing :guilabel:`Booth Category`, two additional, non-modifiable fields

> appear: :guilabel:`Product` and :guilabel:`Price`. Both of which represent their respective

Reviewer: ```suggestion
appear: :guilabel:`Product` and :guilabel:`Price`. Both fields represent their respective
```

selections for that specific booth category.

> When a person purchases booth rental through the event website, the subsequent renter-related fields

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a person purchases a booth rental through the event website, the subsequent renter-related fields
```
Ignore if incorrect

on the form auto-populate, based on the information provided by the purchaser during the online
transaction. The booth also automatically changes its status from *Available* to *Unavailable*.

> However, if the rental of a booth is conducted in an other way (e.g. in-person, via sales order,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, if the rental of a booth is conducted in any other way (e.g., in person, via sales order,
```

Reviewer: No hyphen for in person if not before a noun

To access the *Get A Booth* page on the event website, open the :menuselection:`Events app`, and
select the desired event from the :guilabel:`Events` dashboard. From the event form, click the
:guilabel:`Go to Website` smart button to be taken to the front-end of the Odoo-built event website.

From there, click the :guilabel:`Get A Booth` event subheader menu option. Doing so reveals the
:guilabel:`Get A Booth` page, showcasing all the configured event booths that were created in the
back-end.

.. image:: event_booths/get-a-booth-page.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Typical Get A Booth page on the front-end of the event website via the Odoo Events app.

From here, the visitor can select their desired booth option (and :guilabel:`Location`, if
applicable). Then, they would click the :guilabel:`Book my Booth(s)` button, located at the bottom
of the :guilabel:`Get A Booth` page.

Doing so reveals a :guilabel:`Contact Details` page, wherein they fill out either *Contact Details*
or *Sponsor Details*, depending on how the booth was configured in the back-end. The fields present
on this form vary, depending on whether its meant for a basic contact or an event sponsor.

.. note::

>    If the selected booth had the *Create Sponsor* checkbox ticked, this page reads as *Sponsor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If the selected booth has the *Create Sponsor* checkbox ticked, this page reads as *Sponsor
```

============
Event booths
============

The Odoo *Events* application provides users with the ability to create event booths, sell their
availability, and manage their reservations.

Configuration
=============

In order to create, sell, and manage booths for events, the *Booth Management* feature must be
activated.

> To do that, navigate to :menuselection:`Events app --> Configuration --> Settings`, and tick the
> checkbox beside :guilabel:`Booth Management`. Then, click :guilabel:`Save`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To do that, navigate to :menuselection:`Events app --> Configuration --> Settings`, and tick
:guilabel:`Booth Management` checkbox. Then, click :guilabel:`Save`.
```

.. image:: event_booths/booth-management-setting.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The Booth Management setting in the Odoo Events application.

.. important::
   When the :guilabel:`Booth Management` setting is activated, a new *Product Type* becomes

>    available on all product forms: *Event Booth*.

Reviewer 2: optionally, can link to this doc (:
https://www.odoo.com/documentation/17.0/applications/inventory_and_mrp/inventory/product_management/product_tracking/type.html#set-product-type

   This is important because every created booth **must** be assigned a *Booth Category* on their
   respective booth form, and every booth category **must** have an *Event Booth* product assigned
   to it.

Booth categories
================

With the *Booth Management* setting activated in the *Events* app, a *Booth Categories* option
becomes available in the :guilabel:`Configuration` menu.

To access the :guilabel:`Booth Category` dashboard, go to :menuselection:`Events app -->
Configuration --> Booth Categories`. Doing so reveals a list of all the booth categories that have

> been created in the database.

Reviewer 2: Totally optional: slight rewording for brevity

With the Booth Management setting activated in the Events app, the Booth Categories option appears in the :guilabel:Configuration menu.

To access it, go to :menuselection:Events app --> Configuration --> Booth Categories, revealing a list of all created booth categories.

.. image:: event_booths/booth-category-page.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The Booth Category page in the Odoo Events application.

On the :guilabel:`Booth Category` page, the following information for each booth category is listed:

- :guilabel:`Name`: the name of the booth category.

> - :guilabel:`Create Sponsor`: if the checkbox in this column is ticked, when a booth with this
>   category is booked, a sponsor is created for the user who booked it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Create Sponsor`:  If checked, booking this booth category creates a sponsor for the user.
```

- :guilabel:`Product`: the *Event Booth* product associated with that specific booth category.
- :guilabel:`Price`: the price of a booth in that booth category.

> When the :guilabel:`additional options` :icon:`oi-settings-adjust` icon, located to the far-right of

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When the :icon:`oi-settings-adjust` :guilabel:`(settings)` icon, located to the far-right of
```

the column titles, is clicked, a drop-down menu of additional column options appears. From the
resulting drop-down menu, tick the checkbox beside :guilabel:`Sponsor Level` and/or

> :guilabel:`Sponsor Type` to reveal those columns on the :guilabel:`Booth Category` page.

Reviewer 2: What do the Sponsor Level and Type fields do? is there another doc that elaborates on these?

Author: In this case, it simply reveals those specific columns. So, it would merely display the Sponsor Level and Sponsor Type on the Booth Categories page. While those are somewhat self-explanatory, I agree, that a sponsor-related doc would be nice. I'll add it to my to-do list, and knock it out at some point in the near future.

To edit an existing booth category, select it from the list, and proceed to make any desired
modifications from the event category form.

Create booth category
---------------------

To create a booth category from the :guilabel:`Booth Category` page, click the :guilabel:`New`
button in the upper-left corner to reveal a blank booth category form.

.. image:: event_booths/booth-category-form.png
   :align: center
   :alt: A typical booth category form in the Odoo Events application.

Start by entering a name for the booth category in the top :guilabel:`Booth Category` field. This is
a **requried** field.

To add a corresponding image to the booth category (e.g. a sample photo of how the booth looks),
click the :icon:`fa-pencil` :guilabel:`(pencil)` icon that appears when the cursor hovers over the
camera placeholder in the upper-right corner of the booth category form. When clicked, proceed to
upload the desired image to the booth category form, if needed.

> In the :guilabel:`Booth Details` section, users **must** assign a :guilabel:`Product` to the
> category, and it **must** have *Event Booth* set as the *Product Type* on the product form.

Reviewer 2: optional, for brevity
```suggestion
In the :guilabel:`Booth Details` section, users **must** assign a :guilabel:`Product`, with *Event Booth* set as the *Product Type* on the product form.
```

Author: I know that my version is slightly longer, but I think it's more just a *tiny bit* easier for the reader to comprehend. So, if it's okay with you, I think I'm going to stick with the current wording. However, if you feel like I should rework this portion, just let me know, and I'll make the necessary adjustments.

And, regardless of the listed price on the *Event Booth* product chosen, the user can input a custom
:guilabel:`Price` to be applied for this booth category in the field below.

In the :guilabel:`Sponsorship` section, there is a :guilabel:`Create Sponsor` checkbox option. When
that checkbox is ticked, when a booth belonging to this booth category is booked, the user is

> created as an official *Sponsor* of the event.

Reviewer 2: While I do see a necessity to explain what this field is on the form, we've defined it already in line 47. Is it necessary to repeat that? o:

Author: I completely understand (and appreciate) this suggestion. I agree, this has been covered already, just a few lines above. However, in the random event of a reader skimming through the doc to locate a 'Create booth category' section, they may not have looked at that portion, and would still find all the necessary information here. So, again, if it's okay with you, I think I'll leave this in for now, just so the potential "jump around reader" can still have all the information they need to succeed 👍

When the :guilabel:`Sponsorship` checkbox is ticked, two additional fields appear beneath it:
:guilabel:`Sponsor Level` and :guilabel:`Sponsor Type`.

> Select a desired level of sponsorship from the :guilabel:`Sponsor Level` drop-down field.

Reviewer 2: what do the different sponsor levels do for an event booth? Why is it necessary to make a distinction between tiers? 

While I understand that Odoo documentation is function-focused, some context here may help a reader who doesn't know Event Booths as well as you do. (:

Author: I added an admonition briefly explaining these concepts, per your request. 👍

.. tip::
   To modify any existing :guilabel:`Sponsor Level`, select it from the drop-down field, then click
   the :icon:`fa-arrow-right` :guilabel:`(right arrow)` that appears at the end of the line. Doing
   so opens a separate page, wherein the :guilabel:`Sponsor Level` name and :guilabel:`Ribbon Style`
   can be changed, if necessary.

Users can also create a new :guilabel:`Sponsor Level`, by typing in the name of the new level, and
clicking :guilabel:`Create and edit...` from the resulting drop-down menu.

Doing so reveals a :guilabel:`Create Sponsor Level` pop-up window.

.. image:: event_booths/create-sponsor-level-popup.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The Create Sponsor Level pop-up window that appears in the Odoo Events application.

From this pop-up window, confirm the newly-created :guilabel:`Sponsor Level`, and decide what kind
of :guilabel:`Ribbon Style` should be applied, if any. The :guilabel:`Ribbon Style` options
available in that drop-down field are: :guilabel:`No Ribbon`, :guilabel:`Gold`, :guilabel:`Silver`,
and :guilabel:`Bronze`.

If one is selected, that :guilabel:`Ribbon Style` appears with the sponsor's name on the event
website.

.. note::

>    Clicking :guilabel:`Create` from the resulting drop-down menu in this instance creates the

Reviewer 2: which drop-down menu are we referring to right now? I'm in the Create Sponsor Level one, and I don't see "Create".
![image](https://github.com/odoo/documentation/assets/23611711/758d8c2a-f17d-48fd-b7f3-325b5b799fe5)

Author: This admonition was in a poor position in the doc, which caused this totally understandable confusion. My apologies for that. I have since moved it to a far more appropriate position in the doc, and it makes a lot more sense now. Thank you for bringing this to my attention 👍

for that specific booth category.

When a person purchases a booth rental through the event website, the subsequent renter-related
fields on the form auto-populate, based on the information provided by the purchaser during the
online transaction. The booth also automatically changes its status from *Available* to
*Unavailable*.

However, if the rental of a booth is conducted in any other way (e.g., in person, via sales order,
etc.), the :guilabel:`Renter`, :guilabel:`Renter Name`, :guilabel:`Renter Email`, and
:guilabel:`Renter Phone` fields can be entered in manually.

The status of the booth can also be changed manually, either by clicking the appropriate status
from the status bar present on the booth form, or by dragging-and-dropping the desired booth into
the appropriate stage, via the *Booths* page Kanban view.

Sell event booths
=================

With event booths configured in the back-end, via the event-specific *Booths* pages, Odoo presents
them on the front-end of the event website, via the *Get A Booth* event subheader link.

To access the *Get A Booth* page on the event website, open the :menuselection:`Events app`, and

> select the desired event from the :guilabel:`Events` dashboard. From the event form, click the

Reviewer 2: If the "Go to Website" smart button is not available, and users see the "Unpublished" smart button, what would they do? :eyes:

Author: In my experience, the 'Go to Website' smart button is routinely available, however, as you've mentioned, it can oftentimes be Red/Unpublished. Fortunately, that doesn't affect the ability to click that smart button to reveal the front-end of the event website. So, taking that into consideration, I think I'll be able to keep this as-is, mainly because I believe the concept of 'publishing' an event for all to see is covered in another doc. But, once again, I sincerely appreciate the comment and your amazing attention to detail. Thanks! 👍

:guilabel:`Go to Website` smart button to be taken to the front-end of the Odoo-built event website.

> From there, click the :guilabel:`Get A Booth` event subheader menu option. Doing so reveals the

Reviewer 2: where is the "Get a Booth" event subheader menu? o;
![image](https://github.com/odoo/documentation/assets/23611711/7f05a81a-a7e5-45b6-a158-01d961c26018)

Also, are only "Unavailable" booths able to be booked?

Author: Woo hoo! I figured it out. And, GREAT CATCH on this! I've added a detailed admonition, with specific steps, for 2 different methods users can employ to ensure they see the 'Get A Booth' subheader menu option. It should definitely solve any issues they encounter. Thanks again for bringing this to my attention. 🙏

   :align: center
   :alt: The Booth Management setting in the Odoo Events application.

.. important::
   When the :guilabel:`Booth Management` setting is activated, a new :doc:`Product Type
   <../../inventory_and_mrp/inventory/product_management/product_tracking/type>` becomes available
   on all product forms: *Event Booth*.

   This is important because every created booth **must** be assigned a *Booth Category* on their
   respective booth form, and every booth category **must** have an *Event Booth* product assigned
   to it.

Booth categories
================

With the *Booth Management* setting activated in the *Events* app, the *Booth Categories* option
appears in the :guilabel:`Configuration` menu.

To access the :guilabel:`Booth Category` dashboard, go to :menuselection:`Events app -->
Configuration --> Booth Categories`, which reveals a list of all created booth categories.

.. image:: event_booths/booth-category-page.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The Booth Category page in the Odoo Events application.

On the :guilabel:`Booth Category` page, the following information for each booth category is listed:

- :guilabel:`Name`: the name of the booth category.

> - :guilabel:`Create Sponsor`: if checked, booking this booth category creates a sponsor for the user.

Reviewer 3: `content/applications/marketing/events/event_booths.rst:46: Line too long (101/100) (line-too-long)`

or by dragging-and-dropping the desired booth into the appropriate stage, via the *Booths* page
Kanban view.

Sell event booths
=================

With event booths configured on the event form, via the event-specific *Booths* pages, Odoo presents
them on the event website, via the *Get A Booth* event subheader link.

To access the *Get A Booth* page on the event website, open the :menuselection:`Events app`, and
select the desired event from the :guilabel:`Events` dashboard. From the event form, click the
:guilabel:`Go to Website` smart button to be taken to the Odoo-built event website.

If the event subheader menu (with the :guilabel:`Get A Booth` option) is *not* showing up on the
event website, there are two ways to make it appear.

#1. While on the event website, enter the edit mode by clicking the :guilabel:`Edit` button in the
upper-right corner. Then, click into the :guilabel:`Customize` tab of the resulting sidebar of web
design tools.

In the :guilabel:`Customize` tab, click the toggle switch for :guilabel:`Sub-Menu (Specific)`, and
click :guilabel:`Save`. Doing so reveals the event subheader menu with various options.

> #2. Enter :doc:`Debug mode <../../general/developer_mode>`, and open the specific event form in the

Reviewer 3: These numbered list items are not formatted correctly.

appear: :guilabel:`Product` and :guilabel:`Price`. Both fields represent their respective selections
for that specific booth category.

When a person purchases a booth rental through the event website, the subsequent renter-related
fields on the form auto-populate, based on the information provided by the purchaser during the
online transaction. The booth also automatically changes its status from *Available* to
*Unavailable*.

However, if the rental of a booth is conducted in any other way (e.g., in person, via sales order,
etc.), the :guilabel:`Renter`, :guilabel:`Renter Name`, :guilabel:`Renter Email`, and
:guilabel:`Renter Phone` fields can be entered in manually.

The status of the booth (:guilabel:`Available` or :guilabel:`Unavailable`) can also be changed
manually, either by clicking the appropriate status from the status bar present on the booth form,
or by dragging-and-dropping the desired booth into the appropriate stage, via the *Booths* page
Kanban view.

Sell event booths
=================

With event booths configured in the back-end, via the event-specific *Booths* pages, Odoo presents

> them on the front-end of the event website, via the *Get A Booth* event subheader link.

Reviewer 2: I'm going to nitpick for a bit:

While it's FANTASTIC that you've been deepening your knowledge in developer concepts, terms like "front-end" and "backend" are typically used in programming to refer to server-side code (backend) and webpage-side code (front-end).
![image](https://github.com/odoo/documentation/assets/23611711/e718494c-cf69-4479-b76b-184c8f41e292)
[For more info, here's an article](https://aws.amazon.com/compare/the-difference-between-frontend-and-backend/)

Odoo simplifies website development by allowing users to modify webpages through the Odoo app, removing the need for code. Because of this abstraction, it's no longer suitable to refer to what we do in Odoo as front and back-end.

For our non-developer audience, it might be more technically correct to use:
backend --> event form
front-end --> event website preview

If you agree with my feedback, I'd use CTRL+F to find all instances of "backend" and "frontend" and make the adjustments :blush:

.. note::
   If the event subheader menu (with the :guilabel:`Get A Booth` option) is *not* showing up on the
   event website, there are two ways to make it appear.

   #1. While on the front-end of the event website, enter the edit mode by clicking the
   :guilabel:`Edit` button in the upper-right corner. Then, click into the :guilabel:`Customize` tab
   of the resulting sidebar of web design tools.

   In the :guilabel:`Customize` tab, click the toggle switch for :guilabel:`Sub-Menu (Specific)`,
   and click :guilabel:`Save`. Doing so reveals the event subheader menu with various options.

   #2. Enter :doc:`Debug mode <../../general/developer_mode>`, and open the specific event form in
   the back-end of the *Events* application.

   On the event form, with *Debug mode* on, an array of subheader menu options appears. Tick the
   checkbox for :guilabel:`Website Submenu`, in order for the submenu to appear on the event
   website. Doing so also ticks every other submenu-related checkbox automatically.

   At this point, proceed to choose which options to keep on the event subheader menu. In this case,

>    make sure the :guilabel:`Booth Register` checkbox is ticked.

Reviewer 2: This content looks great, and I'm glad you were able to figure out what makes the event subheader appear :smile: 

Given that we're using a pre-configured runbot, the Event subheader menu appears by default. However, for general users creating a new, blank event, this subheader menu won't be visible. To align with their experience, I suggest moving this information out of the note admonition and placing it below your instruction to click the "Go to Website" button. After enabling the event subheader, we can guide them to click the "Get a Booth" button.

> From here, the visitor can select their desired booth option (and :guilabel:`Location`, if

Reviewer 2: I wasn't able to Book a booth without a location. 
```suggestion
From here, the visitor can select their desired booth option, then :guilabel:`Location`
```
